#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url requirements/base.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boltons==23.0.0
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.1
    # via webauthn
celery==5.2.7
    # via notifications-api-common
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
commonground-api-common==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==42.0.2
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-jsonsuit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes==5.41.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
django-formtools==2.4.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==6.0.3
    # via django-axes
django-jsonform==2.21.5
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-jsonsuit==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via django-admin-index
django-otp==1.2.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post0
    # via django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via commonground-api-common
django-rosetta==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.3.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via maykin-2fa
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via commonground-api-common
elastic-apm==6.15.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
faker==18.9.0
    # via zgw-consumers
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.3.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==3.4
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via commonground-api-common
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via coreschema
josepy==1.13.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via commonground-api-common
oyaml==1.0
    # via commonground-api-common
packaging==23.1
    # via drf-yasg
phonenumberslite==8.13.30
    # via django-two-factor-auth
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==24.0.0
    # via
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
    #   zgw-consumers
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-ipware==2.0.1
    # via django-ipware
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
qrcode==6.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.5
    # via django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via zgw-consumers
sentry-sdk==1.23.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sharing-configs==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-mock
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements/base.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via elastic-apm
zgw-consumers==0.26.1
    # via notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
