#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements/ci.txt requirements/dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
boltons==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via bumpversion
bumpversion==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-jsonsuit
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-debug-toolbar==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-jsonsuit==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-markup==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-setup-configuration==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==18.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
glom==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
open_api_framework @ git+https://github.com/maykinmedia/open-api-framework@76250a1d1ca9fad65a66d0041f396da106177bb1
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
phonenumberslite==8.13.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via black
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via sphinx
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   sharing-configs
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==1.45.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
sharing-configs==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-mock
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   zgw-consumers
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.40.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
zgw-consumers==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
